add Code of Conduct (#1)
fluxcd/.github: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

## Code of Conduct

> FluxCD toolkit follows the [CNCF Code of Conduct](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Flux project follows the [CNCF Code of Conduct](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md).
```

Author: This was stolen from https://github.com/fluxcd/flux2/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

Author: but sure... fixing :-)
